How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    i didnt do the ex

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    I can backup files

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    well, commit saves me from uploading unnecessary/temp file to th server

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Google Docs is about documents, and Git is about code

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    I dont know yet

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    enough confident, I guess

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    learn Git

 What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

 	I think manual commit is good enough unless you have unexpected computer crash

 Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

 	Google Docs is about documents, and Git is about code
How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
	by using git log I can find all commit IDs and related information, by got diff I can find out the difference

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
	it defenetly makes me confident decause I know I can allways get back to working version

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
	well, I want to try use diffenrent comands of git



